d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.exe
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.pdb
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.exe
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.pdb
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Edit_Item.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Exit_confirm_form.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Login_Form.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Main.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.New_Item.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Products.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Customer.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Edit_Customer.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.New_Customer.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Order.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Search_Product.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.Search_Customer.resources
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.exe.manifest
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.application
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.exe.manifest
d:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Inventory_Management_System.application
